Add reference to hybrid mmap extensions setting in k-NN (#3262)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/knn/performance-tuning.md

   If your use case is simply to read the IDs and scores of the nearest neighbors, you can disable reading stored fields, which saves time retrieving the vectors from stored fields.

* **Use `mmap` file I/O**

>    For the Lucene-based approximate k-NN search, there is no dedicated cache layer that speeds up read/write operations. Instead, the plugin is relying on the existing caching mechanism in OpenSearch core. In versions 2.4 and below, by default, read/write operations were based on Java NIO, which can be slow depending on the Lucene version and number of segments per shard. Starting with version 2.5, k-NN enables [`mmap`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mmap) file I/O by default when the store type is `hybridfs` (the default store type in OpenSearch). This leads to fast file I/O operations and improves the overall performance of both data ingestion and search. The two file extensions specific to vector values that use `mmap` are `.vec` and `.vem`. For more information about these file extensions, see [Lucene documentation](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_0_0/core/org/apache/lucene/codecs/lucene90/Lucene90HnswVectorsFormat.html).

Reviewer: We probably need to add a note in a passage below that this is only about read/write operations from k-NN and Lucene engine, otherwise it sounds like that whole OpenSearch is using NIO.

```
In versions 2.4 and below, by default, read/write operations were based on Java NIO, which can be slow depending on the Lucene version and number of segments per shard.
```

suggested change:

```
In versions 2.4 and below, by default, read/write operations of Lucene-based approximate k-NN search were based on Java NIO. This can be slow depending on the Lucene version and number of segments per shard.
```

>    For the Lucene-based approximate k-NN search, there is no dedicated cache layer that speeds up read/write operations. Instead, the plugin is relying on the existing caching mechanism in OpenSearch core. In versions 2.4 and below of the Lucene-based approximate k-NN search, by default, read/write operations were based on Java NIO, which can be slow depending on the Lucene version and number of segments per shard. Starting with version 2.5, k-NN enables [`mmap`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mmap) file I/O by default when the store type is `hybridfs` (the default store type in OpenSearch). This leads to fast file I/O operations and improves the overall performance of both data ingestion and search. The two file extensions specific to vector values that use `mmap` are `.vec` and `.vem`. For more information about these file extensions, see [Lucene documentation](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_0_0/core/org/apache/lucene/codecs/lucene90/Lucene90HnswVectorsFormat.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For the Lucene-based approximate k-NN search, there is no dedicated cache layer that speeds up read/write operations. Instead, the plugin relies on the existing caching mechanism in OpenSearch core. In versions 2.4 and earlier of the Lucene-based approximate k-NN search, read/write operations were based on Java NIO by default, which can be slow, depending on the Lucene version and number of segments per shard. Starting with version 2.5, k-NN enables [`mmap`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mmap) file I/O by default when the store type is `hybridfs` (the default store type in OpenSearch). This leads to fast file I/O operations and improves the overall performance of both data ingestion and search. The two file extensions specific to vector values that use `mmap` are `.vec` and `.vem`. For more information about these file extensions, see [the Lucene documentation](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_0_0/core/org/apache/lucene/codecs/lucene90/Lucene90HnswVectorsFormat.html).
```

Reviewer 2: In Stavros' blog on approximate k-NN, it's defined as "approximate k-NN (ANN)". Let's confirm whether we should be using this acronym and, if so, define the term the first time it appears on the page and then use just the acronym thereafter.

>    For the Lucene-based approximate k-NN search, there is no dedicated cache layer that speeds up read/write operations. Instead, the plugin is relying on the existing caching mechanism in OpenSearch core. In versions 2.4 and below of the the Lucene-based approximate k-NN search, by default, read/write operations were based on Java NIO, which can be slow depending on the Lucene version and number of segments per shard. Starting with version 2.5, k-NN enables [`mmap`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mmap) file I/O by default when the store type is `hybridfs` (the default store type in OpenSearch). This leads to fast file I/O operations and improves the overall performance of both data ingestion and search. The two file extensions specific to vector values that use `mmap` are `.vec` and `.vem`. For more information about these file extensions, see [Lucene documentation](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_0_0/core/org/apache/lucene/codecs/lucene90/Lucene90HnswVectorsFormat.html).

Reviewer 3: alternative:
"In Lucene-based approximate k-NN search versions 2.4 and below, read/write operations were based by default on Java NIO ..."

>    The `mmap` file I/O uses the system file cache rather than memory allocated for Java heap, so no additional allocation is required. To change the default list of extensions set by the plugin, update the `index.store.hybrid.mmap.extensions` setting at the cluster level using the [Cluster Settings API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings). **Note**: This is an expert-level setting that requires closing the index before updating the setting and reopening it after the update.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The `mmap` file I/O uses the system file cache rather than memory allocated for the Java heap, so no additional allocation is required. To change the default list of extensions set by the plugin, update the `index.store.hybrid.mmap.extensions` setting at the cluster level using the [Cluster Settings API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings). **Note**: This is an expert-level setting that requires closing the index before updating the setting and reopening it after the update.
```
